numprints: 50
The grammar file called "hamlet.g" contains 272 definitions.
# Hamlet Draft Num: 1

To push on or not to push on ? That is the question ! 
Is it a brilliant thing to stand for the hokum of awful concerns that appear , 
Or to fall off a branch resulting from catastrophe and by countering stop them ? 
To pass away , to snooze , cut off 
And by a snooze to say we cancel the distress , and the dozen inborn injuries that the populace is receiver to ! 
'Tis a realization boldly to be intended , To swim with the fishes , to rest 

To slumber , and for all one knows to mental picture . Oh , there's the dispute ... 
while I am in my trance what bad things could pass 
when we have trailed off this mortal rat race , must cause us to fall back and think for a bat of an eye . 
There's the regard that leads to adversity of hanging out on this actuality for too much time . 

For who would stand for the scourges and disparagement of time , 
the tyrants crime , the narcissistic mans insolence . 
The pangs of reviled affection , 
the duration it takes for a trial to trickle through the tribunals . 
The scoffing of the government , 
and when conditions that are dreadful take effect to forgiving bodies at the mitts of the disreputable . 
when the disconsolate man himself may his final blow make with a evil sabre . 

who may I ask would troubles sustain to grunt a good will down from a fatigued life . 
We would not do so if we were not daunted of what ensues on the other side of the bitter end , 
the nation subsequent to our cognizance disconcerts our spirit 
to the footings where we would much sooner carry the troubles we are already acclimatized to 
than chance going to those we know not of . 

my knowledge accomplishes us to revise my conduct , 
and thus the indigenous tint of courage is nauseated or'e with the dim cast of thought 
and ventures with excessive vigor and concern speculating on this they flip-flop their purpose 
and forfeit the moniker of action . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 2

Should I live , or stride in front of a moving boat ? That is the question ! 
Should I elect to accept the rubbish of scurrilous happenings , 
Or to oppose vs a pond of adversity and by fighting eradicate them ? 
To die , to rest , departed 
And by a slumber to say we end the distress , and the great deal of involuntary bewilderments that our species is heir to ! 
'Tis a realization robustly to be wanted , To succumb , to nap 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this sleep . That's where the scrape may ensue ... 
for in that snooze of cessation what day dream may come 
when this life comes to a overthrow , must subside the growth . 
This can be the reason that leads to difficulty of sheltering on this survival for too much time . 

Why Could I keep on dealing with the sad things that pass , 
the coercers sin , the covetousness of the mediocre gilded guy . 
The suffering generated by bequeathing bestowing adulation to a person that does not become infatuated with me in reverse , 
the law's delay . 
The disparagement of the government , 
and the spurns that the quiet incur of the wretched swipes . 
when the guy himself might bring about himself to rest in peace with a uncovered bodkin . 

what person would heft a strain to hoist ghastly nuisance down from a wearing life . 
Nevertheless that the panic of that which exists at the heels of death , 
the commonwealth from which no one ever triumphs obscures our will power 
and brings about us alternatively hold those abuses we possess 
than bustle to others we cannot fathom . 

my info prepares us to rework the behaviour , 
and thus the natural tone of one's volition is abolished because we analyse about it many a time 
and the proceedings we execute in the sultriness of the occurance with this regard their motions turn away 
and squander the label of action . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 3

Would I commit suicide ? It's what I've been regarding just now ! 
Weather 'tis prudent in the brain to stand for the phooey of dreadful things that result , 
Or to fight in defiance of a profusion of suffering and by battling annul them ? 
To drown , to nap , no longer 
And by a trance to say we dissolve the bitterness , and the ream of uncontrolled bewilderments that man kind is recipient to ! 
'Tis a masterpiece vigorously to be yearned , To croak , to oblivion 

While in this snooze , I could possibly have a nightmare worse than death . Holy Lord! , there's the rub ... 
for in that hibernation of the afterlife what day dream may come 
when we expire , is obliged to cede us hesitation . 
This might be the respect that causes difficulty of residing on this world for too much time . 

Why Could I go on dealing with the inferior matters that take effect , 
horrible people's irritation , the parsimony of the commonplace upscale guy . 
The spasms effected by furnishing adoration to a earth dweller that does not love me in reverse , 
the judge's delay . 
The despisement of authority , 
and the cold shoulders that the enduring deserve of the unworthy secures . 
when the protagonist himself can his demise cause with a huge neon knife . 

who would sustain a struggling to squawk a good will under a wearing lifetime . 
We would not do so if we were not disturbed of what transpires thereafter mortality , 
the unexplored region from whose endured no tourist comes back baffles all moxie 
and gives rise to us preferably hoist those maladies we contain 
than careen to others we don't get . 

the information makes us to rethink my goings on , 
and thus the characteristic complexion of one's volition is exterminated because we conceptualize about it too regularly 
and deeds with immense pith and substance regarding this they revise their strategy 
and those we are speaking about absolutely balk . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 4

Could I commit suicide ? It's what I've been mulling over once more ! 
Weather 'tis unselfish in the brain to put up with the crap of inferior affairs that result , 
Or to boycott in contrast to a ocean of misfortune and by countering abrogate them ? 
To rest in peace , to sleep , perished 
And by a oblivion to say we terminate the misery , and the dozen spontaneous consternations that man kind is payee to ! 
I need this more than most things , To pass on , to hibernation 

To slumber , one can assume to have a delusion . That's where the dilemma may show ... 
while I am in my slumber what hallucination may come 
when death absorbs us , is compelled to cause us to hideaway and conceptualize for a moment . 
This may be the regard that prepares difficulty of residing on this being for too much time . 

Why Would I push on dealing with the unacceptable baggage that take place , 
the authoritarians corruption , the overbearing guys scornfulness . 
The discomfort caused by allowing love to a earth dweller that does not permit me devotion back , 
the era it takes for a suit to dribble through the magistrates . 
When bourgeois in posts of office are rude to me , 
and when doings that are crummy result to willing citizens are induced by the unsuitable . 
when he himself can abrogate his span with a bad blade . 

which of you would lug a woe to deliver a low and low vibration a concern beneath a flagging life . 
Nevertheless that the trepidation of something ensuing cessation , 
the virgin land from whose endured no patrol triumphs frustrates the will power 
to the situations where we would more readily manage the diseases we are already accustomed to 
than dash to others we don't grasp . 

Thus conscience does make cravens of us all, 
and thus the ingenerate shade of resolution is lost because we ponder about it too often 
and tasks with considerable substance and seriousness with this reason their streams divert 
and drop the alias of action . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 5

To carry on or not to hang in ? I have to prepare for this ! 
Is it a smart thing to stand for all the wounds and blunders of a horrible duration , 
Or to oppose notwithstanding a pond of troubles and by fighting abate them ? 
To rest in peace , to hibernation , extinct 
And by a hibernation to say we extinguish the despondency , and the million customary consternations that our species is heir to ! 
I wish for this in excess of the whole enchilada , To croak , to trance 

To hibernation , might be to have a mental picture . Holy Lord! , there's the issue ... 
while I am in my hibernation what hogwash could arrive 
when we kick the bucket , must slow down the case . 
This could be the rationale that leads to misfortune of hanging out on this convolution for too much time . 

For who would endure the crime that is piled on , 
horrible people's rage , the ostentatious persons arrogance . 
The agony in the ticker of abhorred infatuation , 
the age it takes for a action to strain through the kangaroo courts . 
The insolence of office , 
and the rebuffs that the persevering incur at the fists of the disreputable . 
when the glum man himself may motivate himself to swim with the fishes with a uncovered lance . 

who would heft a strain to groan a sweat below a wearing story . 
We would not do so if we were not daunted of what results on the far side of dissolution , 
the state from which no one ever returns confuses our valor 
to the conditions where we would sooner hold on to the cruel whereabouts we are already habituated to 
than run to others we don't get . 

the info brings about us to emend our procedures , 
and thus the indigenous complexion of courage is sicklied throughout with the gray cast of speculation 
and enterprises with tremendous pitch and value scrutinizing this they change their arrangement 
and oust the name of execution . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 6

Why should I keep on persisting like this ? It's what I've been mulling over once more ! 
Should I dislike to stand for the bull of a atrocious story , 
Or to call it quits by reason of hard times and by warring against annihilate them ? 
To perish , to oblivion , no more 
And by a rest to say we suppress the dejections , and the trillion universal bewilderments that man kind is payee to ! 
'Tis a deed resolutely to be wanted , To go the way of all flesh , to trance 

To trance , could be to hallucination . That's where the crunch may show ... 
while I am in my snooze what hogwash could develop 
when we swim with the fishes , must taper the operation . 
This may be the respect that gives rise to difficulty of so expanded span . 

Why Could I carry on dealing with the flogs and despisement of time , 
the bullies crime , the grabbiness of the ordinary affluent earth dweller . 
The misery provoked by permitting infatuation to a person that does not lust for me back , 
the period it takes for a action to sift through the magistrates . 
The scorns of office , 
and the spurns that the willing are entitled to of the inexcusable defraud . 
when he himself might his departure make with a gleaming shank . 

who may I ask would lug a suffering to endeavor profoundly challenging underneath a spent duration . 
Yet that the trepidation of something succeeding doom , 
the country from which no one ever recovers disorients my initiative 
to the footings where we would alternately keep the evils we are already acquainted with 
than haste to others we don't get . 

the info forms us to reasses all operation , 
and thus the accustomed shade of one's volition is sicklied throughout with the faded cast of speculation 
and the things we conclude in the warmth of the incident thinking about this they shift their scheme 
and waste the surname of execution . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 7

To keep on or not to continue ? That is the question ! 
Is it a brainy thing to bear with all the sufferings and failures of shocking happenings , 
Or to boycott counter to a multitude of hard times and by protesting dissolve them ? 
To expire , to trance , cadaverous 
And by a rest to say we suppress the torture , and the great deal of uncontrolled traumas that humanity is title holder to ! 
'Tis a realization wholeheartedly to be hungered for , To give up the ghost , to rest 

To nap , and probably to dream . I may have a lot of quandry if I sleep ... 
for in that snooze of mortality what nightmare may come 
when we go the way of all flesh , will obstruct the operation . 
There's the cause that arranges adversity of dwelling on this sphere for too much time . 

Who could bear with to stand up to the bashes and despisement of time , 
sad people's rage , the penuriousness of the mainstream opulent earth dweller . 
The discomfort provoked by awarding lust to a tellurian that does not adore me return wise , 
the duration it takes for a trial to osmose through the tribunals . 
The arrogance of office , 
and when stuff that are lousy take place to calm folks at the possession of the unfit . 
when the fellow himself can motivate himself to kick the bucket with a long grenade launcher . 

what person would fardels bare to lug horrible persecution down from a beat history . 
Although that the horror of perseverance subsequent to death , 
the community ensuing our apprehension confuses my valor 
to the footings where we would unwillingly hold on to the problems we are already used to 
than gamble going to those we cannot fathom . 

the information causes us to reasses our goings on , 
and thus the indigenous tone of courage is obscured because we analyse about it many a time 
and enterprises with a lot of soul and more importance scrutinizing this they change their strategy 
and the serfs of our deliberation completely give up . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 8

Would I suffer , or stab myself ? It's what I've been thinking about once more ! 
Is it a clever thing to bear with all the wounds and blows of disgraceful disadvantage , 
Or to fight in opposition to a sea of difficulty and by clashing abrogate them ? 
To rest in peace , to coma , dead 
And by a coma to say we stop the bitterness , and the great deal of commonplace injuries that man kind is heir to ! 
'Tis a masterpiece eagerly to be yearned , To rest in peace , to hibernation 

There is the chance that I could have a mental picture while I'm in this hibernation . I may have a lot of dispute if I sleep ... 
for in that doze of quietus what bad things could pass 
when mortality eats us , is compelled to cool the means . 
This can be the cause that arranges adversity of hanging out on this bight for too much time . 

For who would stand for the unacceptable things that arise , 
crummy people's antagonism , the parsimony of the garden variety loaded human . 
The pangs of shunned adulation , 
the generation it takes for a trial to penetrate through the courts . 
The audacity of those in charge , 
and when effects that are awful result to enduring human beings are brought about by the wretched . 
when the guy himself might occasion himself to croak with a good grenade launcher . 

which of you would fardels bare to strive truly problematic underneath a sick history . 
Though that the panic of something beyond the bitter end , 
the commonwealth beyond our comprehension puzzles my initiative 
to the whereabouts where we would much sooner maintain the diseases we are already acquainted with 
than dare going to those we don't comprehend . 

Thus moral sense doth make skulkers of us all, 
and thus the inborn tone of resolution is annihilated because we ponder about it many a time 
and accomplishments with huge pith and significance with this regard their tides deviate 
and waste the style of action . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 9

Would I go all hara-kiri ? It's what I've been speculating on presently ! 
Should I hate to swallow all the boo-boo's and mistakes of crummy matters that appear , 
Or to break with in defiance of a multitude of disaster and by disputing abrogate them ? 
To rest in peace , to coma , perished 
And by a coma to say we conclude the agony , and the thousand common bewilderments that human nature is holder to ! 
'Tis a fulfilment sincerely to be sought , To perish , to oblivion 

While in this coma , I could possibly have a hallucination . I may have a lot of squeeze if I coma ... 
for in that rest of the bitter end what gibberish could take effect 
when we have scuffled off this destructive amphitheatre , is directed to diminish the routine . 
This may be the rationale that spawns difficulty of so expanded lifetime . 

For who would tolerate the flogs and contempt of time , 
dreadful people's antagonism , the miserliness of the ordinary gilded guy . 
The suffering generated by permitting adoration to a human that does not administer me affection in return , 
the lifetime it takes for a action to winnow through the tribunals . 
The disdain of the masters of mankind , 
and when conditions that are bad take place to persevering hoi polloi are created by the ineligible . 
when the fellow himself may dissolve his story with a unrobed shiv . 

what person would fardels bare to snort a care down from a drained span . 
Yet that the apprehension of something beyond cessation , 
the virgin land from whose travelled no exploration comes back befuddles my stamina 
to the standing where we would more readily enjoy the troubles we are already habituated to 
than fly to others we don't grasp . 

the info accomplishes us to correct our procedures , 
and thus the habitual shade of determination is obscured because we ponder about it too much 
and the baggage we complete in the fever of the time with this respect their rivers turn awry 
and those we are deliberating about conclusively welsh . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 10

To push on or not to keep on ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis ethical in the soul to swallow the guns and daggers of a atrocious generation , 
Or to kill myself resulting from hardship and by countering dissolve them ? 
To perish , to nap , no longer 
And by a oblivion to say we extinguish the broken ticker , and the dozen involuntary clashes that humanity is inheritor to ! 
'Tis a attainment robustly to be preferred , To succumb , to oblivion 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this rest . That's where the doubt may exist ... 
for in that slumber of death what mental picture may come 
when this experience comes to a abate , must cause us to fall back and ponder for a instant . 
There's the respect that prepares troubles of sheltering on this corkscrew for too much time . 

For who would endure the straps and taunting of time , 
dreadful people's rage , the close-fistedness of the unexceptional rich tellurian . 
The anguish effected by allowing appreciation to a girl that does not adore me in return , 
the lifetime it takes for a lawsuit to winnow through the kangaroo courts . 
When bodies in seats of jurisdiction are ill-mannered to me , 
and when things that are dreadful materialize to accommodating people of the unfit poach . 
when the disconsolate man himself can conclude his story with a uncovered bodkin . 

which of you would fardels bare to strive incredibly laborious beneath a discontented history . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what transpires succedent to demise , 
the place from which no one ever recovers distracts our ambition 
to the situations where we would more willingly manage the maladies we are already accustomed to 
than fly to others we don't understand . 

Thus scruples does make babies of us all, 
and thus the natural hue of determination is demolished because we conceptualize about it time and again 
and activities with huge vigor and momentousness with this grounds their currents deviate 
and those we are speaking about wholly recant . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 11

Could I self-destruct ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis befitting in the thinker to accept the crap of inferior proceedings that transpire , 
Or to overturn in opposition to a pond of sorrow and by being contrary to undo them ? 
To pass on , to doze , no longer 
And by a trance to say we quash the suffering , and the great deal of regular traumas that the populace is payee to ! 
I crave this to a greater degree than most things , To perish , to hibernation 

While in this trance , I could possibly have a nightmare worse than death . I may have a lot of issue if I nap ... 
for in that sleep of the end of life what bad things could materialize 
when this span comes to a terminate , must subdue the means . 
This could be the rationale that brings about difficulty of dwelling on this terrene for too much time . 

Who could hang in to stand up to the scourges and mockery of time , 
the intimidators crime , the covetousness of the common gilded guy . 
The pangs of loathed allegiance , 
the judge's tarrying . 
When folks in situations of influence are dis-gracious to me , 
and when affairs that are unacceptable materialize to indulgent bodies are brought about by the unsuitable . 
when the unhappy man himself could suppress his span with a red bayonet . 

who would hold a burdens to bare horrifying torture under a sleepy history . 
We would not do so if we were not afraid of what happens later than doom , 
the commonwealth from which no one ever recovers befuddles the desires 
to the whereabouts where we would preferably manage the evils we are already acquainted with 
than venture going to those we cannot fathom . 

Thus conscience can make chickens of us all, 
and thus the native color of one's volition is made ill throughout with the dangerous cast of understanding 
and the effects we do in the hotness of the date mulling over this they revise their plans 
and they fully bow out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 12

Why should I hang in living like this ? That is the question ! 
Should I elect to suffer all the pangs and setbacks of nefarious disadvantage , 
Or to limp in front of a flying aircraft carrier because of sorrow and by warring against terminate them ? 
To perish , to slumber , not at all 
And by a coma to say we destroy the broken heart , and the ocean of characteristic injuries that man kind is heir to ! 
'Tis a masterpiece firmly to be hunted , To die , to slumber 

To slumber , assumably to hallucination . I may have a lot of quandry if I snooze ... 
for in that trance of the afterlife what crap could arise 
when we have limped off this bitter universe , is directed to obstruct the advance . 
This may be the rationale that prepares calamity of so expanded interval . 

Who could put up with to stand up to the bad baggage that arrive , 
lousy people's displeasure , the pretentious persons despisement . 
The depression brought about by bequeathing bestowing lust to a girl that does not adulate me in return , 
the duration it takes for a action to penetrate through the courts . 
When folks in posts of influence are contemptuous to me , 
and the rebuffs that the calm deserve at the possession of the ignoble . 
when the unhappy man himself can motivate himself to pass on with a scary sword . 

who may I ask would fardels bare to squawk a sweat below a sleepy interval . 
But that the dismay of perseverance subsequent to demise , 
the untravelled kingdom from whose travelled no expedition recovers distracts our moxie 
and whips up us sooner sholder those problems we retain 
than wager going to those we know not of . 

Thus conscience does make quitters of us all, 
and thus the ingenerate shade of determination is nauseated throughout with the pale cast of thought 
and tasks with vast strength and significance with this reason their currents turn away 
and those we are talking about utterly surrender . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 13

Why should I carry on living like this ? That is the question ! 
Is it a astute thing to stand for all the aches and setbacks of lousy concerns that develop , 
Or to electrocute myself resulting from misfortune and by fighting quash them ? 
To expire , to rest , perished 
And by a slumber to say we conclude the heavy ticker , and the lots of natural breakdowns that flesh is inheritor to ! 
'Tis a coup earnestly to be craved , To pass on , to oblivion 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare while I'm in this coma . That's where the disagreement may exist ... 
for in that nap of the afterlife what malarkey could arise 
when this life comes to a cancel , is directed to decelerate the advance . 
This can be the cause that makes misfortune of so enlarged experience . 

Who could bear to stand up to the beatings and despisement of time , 
the slave drivers corruption , the close-fistedness of the undistinguished upscale earth dweller . 
The anguish created by conferring infatuation to a woman that does not appreciate me in return , 
the age it takes for a lawsuit to permeate through the kangaroo courts . 
When bourgeois in points of power are insolent to me , 
and when stuff that are sad transpire to imperturbable people at the control of the ignoble . 
when the fellow himself can induce himself to swim with the fishes with a unrobed skewer . 

what person would woe hoist to struggle emphatically laborious below a drained generation . 
We would not do so if we were not frightened of what comes on the other side of annihilation , 
the commonwealth succeeding our cognizance befuddles the ambition 
and produces us unwillingly hoist those ailments we retain 
than face going to those we don't grasp . 

Thus conscience does make cravens of us all, 
and thus the indigenous aspect of resolution is forfeit because we conceptualize about it many a time 
and ventures with extreme importance and significance with this rationale their motions changes course 
and drop the surname of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 14

Would I commit suicide ? It's what I've been thinking about lately ! 
Should I prefer to tolerate the bad things of dreadful doings that arise , 
Or to end it all by reason of calamity and by being contrary to annul them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to slumber , lifeless 
And by a nap to say we put the kibosh on the distress , and the aggregation of constant consternations that man kind is holder to ! 
I wish for this more than everything , To swim with the fishes , to snooze 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare while I'm in this sleep . That's where the trouble may come to pass ... 
while I am in my snooze what bull could materialize 
when we kick the bucket , has to make us to turn tail and ponder for a flash . 
There's the respect that produces misfortune of sheltering on this bight for too much time . 

Why Would I keep at it dealing with the bad affairs that appear , 
the dictators wrong , the penny-pinching of the average well off human . 
The discomfort in the soul of shunned appreciation , 
the judge's adjournment . 
When persons in locales of jurisdiction are saucy to me , 
and when affairs that are sad arise to willing bodies of the good for nothing embezzles . 
when he himself may end his lifetime with a new dinner knife . 

whom would woe lug to to haul hideous anguish below a fatigued life . 
Yet that the panic of something beyond dissolution , 
the place from which no one ever comes back puzzles our desires 
to the situations where we would more willingly carry the troubles we are already familiarized with 
than dare going to those we cannot fathom . 

Thus moral sense can make cowards of us all, 
and thus the innate tinge of resolution is nauseated throughout with the pale cast of thought 
and ventures with extreme significance and more importance with this cause their tides deviate 
and they fully reneges . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 15

To be or not to be ? It's what I've been scrutinizing once more ! 
Should I prefer to stand for the fists and bombs of odious happenings , 
Or to oppose in the face of a ocean of adversity and by countering terminate them ? 
To drown , to hibernation , passed away 
And by a trance to say we revoke the depression , and the many characteristic bewilderments that the human species is heir to ! 
I want this in a superior way than being stark-naked in the shower with a cute young woman , To kick the bucket , to coma 

There is the chance that I could have a delusion while I'm in this trance . I may have a lot of dilemma if I doze ... 
for in that oblivion of the end of life what bull could pass 
when we kick the bucket , is obliged to wane the technique . 
This can be the grounds that gives rise to suffering of dwelling on this terrene for too much time . 

Who could swallow to stand up to the whips and ridicule of time , 
the intimidators sin , the ostentatious mans taunting . 
The torment induced by allowing devotion to a lady that does not love me back , 
the sovereignty's delay . 
When citizens in positions of authoritativeness are disrespectful to me , 
and the snubs that the even tempered warrant of the inexcusable cheat . 
when the protagonist himself might destroy his story with a shorn shiv . 

who may I ask would fardels bare to squawk a perspiration below a drained experience . 
Nevertheless that the phobia of that which exists succeeding the end of life , 
the state from which no one ever comes back distracts the valor 
and makes us unwillingly carry those diseases we possess 
than careen to others we don't grasp . 

my info leads to us to rethink all conduct , 
and thus the native shade of resolution is demolished because we plan about it too repeatedly 
and accomplishments with abundant importance and concern thinking about this they adjust their plans 
and the clients of our ballad exhaustively recant . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 16

Shall I tolerate , or end it all ? It's what I've been eye-balling just now ! 
Is it a brainy thing to tolerate all the bruises and blows of unacceptable baggage that transpire , 
Or to end it all because of troubles and by warring against expunge them ? 
To perish , to doze , departed 
And by a oblivion to say we cancel the sadness , and the ream of inborn consternations that man kind is receiver to ! 
I wish for this more than everything , To kick the bucket , to sleep 

There is the chance that I could have a mental picture while I'm in this doze . That's where the headache may result ... 
for in that snooze of cessation what hallucination may come 
when this experience comes to a vacate , is compelled to slow the means . 
There's the rationale that whips up misfortune of residing on this amphitheatre for too much time . 

Why Would I keep at it dealing with the strikes and jeering of time , 
inferior people's outrage , the boastful persons insolence . 
The anguish brought about by permitting appreciation to a girl that does not convey me devotion return wise , 
the age it takes for a lawsuit to permeate through the kangaroo courts . 
When people in posts of power are sassy to me , 
and the repudiation that the patient earn are provoked by the good for nothing . 
when the despondent man himself can obliterate his span with a bald shiv . 

which of you would cart a woe to sustain awesome pain underneath a exhasted experience . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what occurs beyond the afterlife , 
the exotic country from whose travelled no expedition comes back frustrates the ambition 
and forms us more willingly hold those sicknesses we bear 
than scurry to others we don't comprehend . 

the information spawns us to review my procedures , 
and thus the indigenous hue of determination is wasted because we conceptualize about it time and again 
and the matters we accomplish in the fieriness of the moment with this regard their floods deviate 
and the vassals of our ballad throughly cop out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 17

To run on or not to never cease ? I have to kick this around ! 
Is it a clever thing to tolerate the beatings and bobkins of outrageous misfortunes , 
Or to oppose facing a expanse of difficulty and by being contrary to conclude them ? 
To rest in peace , to rest , extinct 
And by a doze to say we vacate the torment , and the ton of regular consternations that humanity is recipient to ! 
I need this in a superior way than being nude in the sack with a cute woman , To croak , to slumber 

To hibernation , not impossibly to nightmare worse than death . 'Aye , there's the friction ... 
for in that slumber of doom what phooey could develop 
when mortality engrosses us , is obliged to taper the growth . 
There's the rationale that generates adversity of so expanded life . 

For who would stand for the sad stuff that take effect , 
dreadful people's resentment , the close-fistedness of the ordinary moneyed guy . 
The pangs of detested friendship , 
the span it takes for a argument to dribble through the tribunals . 
The contumely of the government , 
and when doings that are horrible transpire to indulgent people at the fists of the inexcusable . 
when the protagonist himself might overthrow his story with a unrobed knife . 

which of you would hold a fardels to endeavor very tough beneath a wearing history . 
We would not do so if we were not daunted of what happens succedent to quietus , 
the kingdom later than our ken obscures all will power 
and synthesizes us unwillingly to haul those maladies we contain 
than face going to those we don't know . 

Thus conscience doth make cowards of us all, 
and thus the characteristic tint of determination is abolished because we analyse about it time and again 
and the matters we finish in the swelter of the occurance scrutinizing this they swap their purpose 
and they quite balk . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 18

To be or not to be ? I have to ponder this ! 
Should I select to stomach the sling shots and thunderbolts of horrible concerns that arrive , 
Or to hop off a wing by virtue of sorrow and by countering cancel them ? 
To succumb , to snooze , departed 
And by a nap to say we expunge the hurting , and the lots of regular scares that humanity is receiver to ! 
'Tis a success zealously to be craved , To give up the ghost , to sleep 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare while I'm in this oblivion . Holy Lord! , there's the pickle ... 
for in that snooze of doom what baloney could happen 
when we have straggled off this terrible survival , will consign us stoppage . 
This could be the respect that generates hardship of so lengthened life . 

Why Would I push on dealing with the thrashes and chutzpah of time , 
the tyrants crime , the arrogant persons contumely . 
The pangs of disdained friendship , 
the hours it takes for a petition to trickle through the courts . 
The taunting of office , 
and when doings that are bad transpire to gentle people are evoked by the ignoble . 
when the unhappy man himself may effect himself to succumb with a murderous machete . 

which of you would struggling bare to bare hideous persecution down from a wearing story . 
We would not do so if we were not distressed of what approaches on the far side of doom , 
the place from which no one ever recovers befuddles the stamina 
and produces us just as soon take those woes we bear 
than dare going to those we don't grasp . 

my information spawns us to reasses all procedures , 
and thus the indigenous hue of determination is consumed because we analyse about it too repeatedly 
and the affairs we achieve in the heat of the occurance with this rationale their floods turn aside 
and those we are deliberating about completely get cold feet . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 19

Should I stand for , or call it quits ? I have to ponder this ! 
Should I propose to take the malarkey of shocking disadvantage , 
Or to resist against a plethora of disaster and by countering extinguish them ? 
To pass away , to hibernation , cadaverous 
And by a coma to say we overthrow the heartache , and the ocean of natural scares that out world is receiver to ! 
'Tis a realization wholeheartedly to be yearned , To swim with the fishes , to trance 

To oblivion , horribly to nightmare worse than death . 'Aye , there's the squeeze ... 
while I am in my trance what day dream may come 
when we have scraped off this ruthless survival , is destined to subside the progress . 
This might be the rationale that leads to suffering of so expanded span . 

For who would withstand the awful effects that happen , 
the taskmasters abuse , the conceited guys sneers . 
The torture in the chest of loathed affection , 
the judge's obstruction . 
When hoi polloi in posts of authoritativeness are dis-gracious to me , 
and when matters that are bad happen to mild folks of the unfit swipes . 
when the protagonist himself could motivate himself to kick the bucket with a old shotgun . 

who may I ask would stress take to toil extreamly arduous underneath a flagging interval . 
We would not do so if we were not daunted of what transpires on the far side of quietus , 
the kingdom from which no one ever triumphs confounds my valor 
to the circumstances where we would sooner enjoy the maladies we are already acquainted with 
than fly to others we do not understand . 

my information forms us to rethink my procedures , 
and thus the characteristic tone of courage is destroyed because we plan about it too repeatedly 
and ventures with considerable essence and more importance eye-balling this they change their arrangement 
and those we are deliberating about totally balk . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 20

To be or not to be ? I have to resolve this ! 
Is it a smart thing to accept the phooey of wanton sorrows , 
Or to end it all because of suffering and by warring against abrogate them ? 
To pass away , to snooze , deceased 
And by a slumber to say we abrogate the agony , and the bulk of uncontrolled shocks that the populace is recipient to ! 
'Tis a masterpiece strenuously to be envied , To drown , to nap 

There is the chance that I could have a day dream while I'm in this rest . That's where the trouble may develop ... 
while I am in my hibernation what dream may come 
when annihilation exhausts us , will stop the action . 
There's the reason that prepares suffering of hanging out on this being for too much time . 

Who could live to stand up to the scourges and arrogance of time , 
sad people's annoyance , the avarice of the mainstream propertied guy . 
The suffering in the soul of derided appreciation , 
the generation it takes for a trial to strain through the magistrates . 
The contempt of office , 
and when effects that are horrible materialize to mild citizens at the grasp of the undeserving . 
when the guy himself might suppress his life with a large grenade . 

which of you would bare a burdens to grumble a erection underneath a tired history . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what comes successive to death , 
the kingdom from which no one ever reappears distracts all fortitude 
and generates us just as soon hoist those ailments we possess 
than face going to those we don't grasp . 

my info leads to us to rework the behaviour , 
and thus the innate tinge of determination is made ill throughout with the faint cast of reflection 
and the things we achieve in the fever of the incident pondering this they change their aim 
and the clients of our verse totally welsh . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 21

Why should I push on existing like this ? That is the question ! 
Should I select to accept the bullshit of corrupt unhappiness , 
Or to be insubordinate undeterred by a multitude of calamity and by rivalling squelch them ? 
To perish , to doze , gone 
And by a doze to say we expunge the bitterness , and the bulk of involuntary consternations that our kind is inheritor to ! 
'Tis a success strenuously to be yearned , To perish , to snooze 

While in this sleep , I could possibly have a dream . I may have a lot of complication if I sleep ... 
while I am in my slumber what mental picture may come 
when we have stumbled off this bitter bight , must supply us cessation . 
There's the respect that causes adversity of dwelling on this terrene for too much time . 

Who could live to stand up to the scourges and contumely of time , 
inferior people's anger , the proud mans scorns . 
The pangs of scorned appreciation , 
the age it takes for a dispute to winnow through the courts . 
When folks in seats of influence are sassy to me , 
and when affairs that are sad take effect to calm human beings at the hooks of the wretched . 
when the protagonist himself may bring about himself to pass away with a glancing bayonet . 

who would strain carry to mouth a profound and glottal voice a concern below a spent life . 
However that the apprehension of that thing later than annihilation , 
the obscure country from where no outing triumphs obscures the desires 
and produces us alternatively lug those abuses we contain 
than venture going to those we know not of . 

the information forms us to rehash our goings on , 
and thus the inborn tint of resolution is annihilated because we analyse about it time and again 
and the matters we finish in the warmth of the incident inspecting this they swap their intention 
and squander the sobriquet of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 22

Could I go along with , or walk in front of a advancing train ? It's what I've been inspecting as of late ! 
Is it a smart thing to swallow the rifles and axs of outrageous loss , 
Or to come out against contrary to a sea of catastrophe and by clashing dissolve them ? 
To drown , to slumber , perished 
And by a coma to say we abrogate the torment , and the lots of commonplace surprises that humanity is holder to ! 
I crave this in excess of sex , To expire , to sleep 

To snooze , and possibly to nightmare . That's where the scrape may befall ... 
while I am in my sleep what delusion may come 
when we have scuffled off this monstrous planet , will force us to fall back and conceptualize for a split second . 
There's the respect that composes hardship of so expanded interval . 

Who could put up with to stand up to the strikes and scorns of time , 
dreadful people's rage , the cavalier mans despisement . 
The heartache evoked by awarding affection to a person that does not become infatuated with me in return , 
the sovereignty's loitering . 
The teasing of authority , 
and the cold shoulders that the gentle are entitled to of the wretched steals . 
when the protagonist himself may get things rolling himself to expire with a military rock . 

which of you would fardels bare to to haul awful provocation under a overworked span . 
But that the dread of that which exists successive to mortality , 
the nation from which no one ever recovers confuses the moxie 
and leads to us more willingly sustain those evils we bear 
than venture going to those we do not understand . 

my info leads to us to rework the behaviour , 
and thus the inborn tint of one's volition is forfeit because we plan about it too often 
and activities with abundant substance and consequence pondering this they shift their purpose 
and give up the nom de plume of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 23

Why should I live on persisting like this ? It's what I've been scrutinizing just now ! 
Should I propose to go along with the sling shots and spurs of a atrocious experience , 
Or to kill myself resulting from hard times and by fighting cancel them ? 
To give up the ghost , to nap , dead 
And by a nap to say we conclude the suffering , and the thousand prevalent clashes that human nature is title holder to ! 
I demand this in a superior way than a lot , To pass away , to snooze 

While in this doze , I could possibly have a mental picture . That's where the dilemma may occur ... 
while I am in my slumber what bunk could happen 
when we perish , is directed to impede the growth . 
This could be the reason that brings about hard times of hanging out on this actuality for too much time . 

For who would withstand the atrocious conditions that transpire , 
the despots injustice , the cocky fellows audacity . 
The distress brought in to being by bequeathing bestowing lust to a girl that does not furnish me devotion in reverse , 
the law's procrastination . 
The disdain of the government , 
and the contemptuous looks that the indulgent merit at the possession of the unsuitable . 
when he himself could eradicate his generation with a another rock . 

who would sustain a strain to cart terrible persecution below a discontented life . 
We would not do so if we were not distressed of what ensues successional to demise , 
the realm from which no one ever returns dazes our ambition 
and causes us to rather sholder those evils we contain 
than risk going to those we don't grasp . 

our knowledge forms us to rework all conduct , 
and thus the characteristic tinge of one's volition is sicklied throughout with the sallow cast of speculation 
and the concerns we execute in the heat of the occasion with this reason their floods divert 
and give up the sobriquet of the undertaking . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 24

To persist or not to run on ? It's what I've been scrutinizing as of late ! 
Weather 'tis nobler in the noggin' to live all the aches and setbacks of a inferior history , 
Or to turn against against a profusion of calamity and by battling quash them ? 
To rest in peace , to sleep , perished 
And by a rest to say we annihilate the dejections , and the lots of prevalent injuries that the human species is receiver to ! 
I wish for this in a superior way than everything , To die , to snooze 

There is the chance that I could have a dream while I'm in this slumber . That's where the complication may follow ... 
for in that coma of the bitter end what nightmare worse than death may come 
when we have straggled off this ruthless sphere , is destined to force us to withdraw and ponder for a flash . 
There's the rationale that brings about sorrow of so long lifetime . 

Who could stomach to stand up to the horrible baggage that take effect , 
the slave drivers crime , the proud fellows mockery . 
The pangs of repudiated amity , 
the law's hindrance . 
When persons in positions of the government are rude to me , 
and the cold shoulders that the quiet merit of the wretched poach . 
when the protagonist himself could his death cause with a another rock . 

who may I ask would fardels bare to groan a sweat underneath a exhasted duration . 
However that the phobia of that which exists thereafter the bitter end , 
the nation from which no one ever returns disorients the moxie 
and leads to us just as soon to haul those evils we contain 
than haste to others we don't understand . 

Thus conscience will make cravens of us all, 
and thus the accustomed hue of courage is made sick or'e with the gray cast of cognition 
and the doings we complete in the swelter of the occurance with this grounds their currents deviate 
and yield the meaning of action . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 25

Why should I carry on continuing like this ? I have to resolve this ! 
Is it a astute thing to stand for all the wounds and disappointments of ungodly misfortunes , 
Or to overturn in opposition to a sea of calamity and by opposing vacate them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to trance , extinct 
And by a sleep to say we obliterate the distress , and the aggregation of customary clashes that out world is recipient to ! 
I demand this in a superior way than sex , To die , to doze 

While in this snooze , I could possibly have a nightmare . Oh , there's the obstacle ... 
while I am in my snooze what hogwash could happen 
when death consumes us , is obliged to force us to fall back and conceptualize for a small time . 
There's the cause that whips up hard times of so lingering duration . 

For who would take the strikes and scorns of time , 
the oppressors injustice , the dismissive fellows scornfulness . 
The misery in the chest of eschewed devotion , 
the sovereignty's filibuster . 
When people in seats of authority are smart-alecky to me , 
and the rebuffs that the willing earn are created by the disreputable . 
when he himself could conclude his interval with a great grenade launcher . 

which of you would stress sholder to slog extreamly strenuous down from a overworked duration . 
On the other hand that the dismay of that thing on the other side of demise , 
the region from which no one ever returns distracts the moxie 
and prepares us unwillingly sholder those troubles we possess 
than scurry to others we know not of . 

Thus shame could make malingerers of us all, 
and thus the characteristic complexion of courage is nauseated throughout with the dangerous cast of speculation 
and enterprises with abundant substance and more importance regarding this they revise their scheme 
and the vassals of our verse throughly blow it off . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 26

To keep at it or not to go on ? It's what I've been pondering just now ! 
Is it a good thing to stand for the gloats and missiles of atrocious affairs that result , 
Or to combat vs a ocean of calamity and by combating destroy them ? 
To expire , to doze , bereft of life 
And by a slumber to say we terminate the sadness , and the aggregation of characteristic jolts that society is payee to ! 
I demand this more than life itself , To swim with the fishes , to rest 

While in this hibernation , I could possibly have a delusion . I may have a lot of mess if I nap ... 
for in that snooze of doom what hallucination may come 
when the bitter end vanquishes us , has to dull the movement . 
There's the grounds that generates difficulty of so extensive interval . 

Who could hang in to stand up to the flogs and scoffing of time , 
atrocious people's enmity , the pompous fellows taunting . 
The pangs of reviled yearning , 
the millennium it takes for a petition to sieve through the tribunals . 
The mockery of the masters of mankind , 
and when doings that are bad transpire to calm hoi polloi are evoked by the unsuitable . 
when the guy himself could motivate himself to kick the bucket with a scary missle . 

which of you would burdens bare to cart horrifying torture down from a spent interval . 
We would not do so if we were not daunted of what comes at the rear of dissolution , 
the place on the far side of our acumen obscures the valor 
and arranges us more readily heft those abhorrent circumstances we have 
than hurry to others we know not of . 

Thus scruples could make babies of us all, 
and thus the accustomed color of courage is sicklied throughout with the anemic cast of thought 
and business with extreme essence and concern eye-balling this they flip-flop their arrangement 
and disinherit the meaning of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 27

Should I go along with , or run in front of a mobile car ? It's what I've been scrutinizing at this moment ! 
Should I refuse to stand for all the prejudices and mistakes of wicked occurrence , 
Or to end it all because of catastrophe and by being contrary to annihilate them ? 
To rest in peace , to trance , gone 
And by a oblivion to say we extinguish the despair , and the lots of indigenous scares that society is title holder to ! 
'Tis a conclusion devoutly to be desired , To pass on , to rest 

To slumber , weather permitting to dream . I may have a lot of pickle if I doze ... 
for in that slumber of doom what nightmare may come 
when this history comes to a kill , will give us abeyance . 
This might be the cause that causes misfortune of dwelling on this microcosm for too much time . 

Why Could I push on dealing with the strikes and disdain of time , 
the slave drivers wrong doing , the narcissistic mans disparagement . 
The anguish inferior misery of detested adoration , 
the time it takes for a process to leak through the tribunals . 
When bodies in posts of influence are discourteous to me , 
and when affairs that are awful result to imperturbable hoi polloi are provoked by the good for nothing . 
when the sad man himself could revoke his life with a bad torpedo . 

which of you would fardels bare to groan a devtion beneath a sick experience . 
We would not do so if we were not apprehensive of what happens on the far side of quietus , 
the nation at the heels of our consciousness puzzles our moxie 
to the standing where we would preferably maintain the troubles we are already accustomed to 
than haste to others we don't understand . 

Thus qualms will make quitters of us all, 
and thus the native hue of resolution is sicklied over with the dull cast of understanding 
and the stuff we finish in the warmth of the incident with this cause their currents deviate 
and those we are conferring about quite throw in the towel . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 28

Why should I persist living like this ? I have to ponder this ! 
Is it a good thing to bear the malarkey of sad matters that transpire , 
Or to end it all by reason of calamity and by opposing quash them ? 
To kick the bucket , to oblivion , dead 
And by a trance to say we overthrow the suffering , and the jillion regular breakdowns that out world is holder to ! 
I wish for this in excess of most things , To pass away , to slumber 

To slumber , mayhap to day dream . Holy Lord! , there's the scrape ... 
while I am in my oblivion what poppycock could take place 
when we croak , is obliged to cause us to withdraw and ponder for a brief period of time . 
There's the respect that spawns misfortune of so towering generation . 

Who could stand for to stand up to the flogs and brazenness of time , 
unacceptable people's irritation , the dismissive guys contumely . 
The discomfort inferior anguish of contemptible affection , 
the era it takes for a trial to dribble through the magistrates . 
When human beings in locations of power are ill-mannered to me , 
and when doings that are bad pass to meek folks at the mitts of the unsuitable . 
when the fellow himself can occasion himself to pass on with a huge neon sword . 

which of you would hoist a burdens to cart horrendous nuisance down from a sick history . 
We would not do so if we were not daunted of what crops up post hoc to mortality , 
the faraway homeland from whose endured no trekker reappears distracts the initiative 
and makes us much sooner hoist those woes we retain 
than fly to others we don't know . 

all info spawns us to emend my operation , 
and thus the natural complexion of determination is demolished because we analyse about it too regularly 
and activities with abundant pitch and substance with this cause their course turn awry 
and squander the name of performance . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 29

To be or not to be ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis better in the thinker to hang in all the boo-boo's and setbacks of a sad experience , 
Or to boycott contrariwise to a plethora of misfortune and by rivalling cancel them ? 
To perish , to coma , passed away 
And by a oblivion to say we undo the heartbreak , and the great deal of regular injuries that society is heir to ! 
'Tis a consummation forcibly to be intended , To die , to coma 

There is the chance that I could have a hallucination while I'm in this slumber . That's where the headache may develop ... 
while I am in my snooze what bunk could take effect 
when we perish , is destined to taper the process . 
There's the regard that whips up suffering of so far-reaching span . 

For who would take the inferior doings that happen , 
crummy people's displeasure , the pompous sahibs contumely . 
The discomfort inferior agony of contemptible infatuation , 
the government's hindrance . 
When people in locations of authoritativeness are insolent to me , 
and the repudiation that the calm justify of the inexcusable takes without permission . 
when the fellow himself may his final blow make with a undressed machete . 

what person would fardels bare to strive deeply painful below a flagging interval . 
Yet that the fright of perseverance thereafter quietus , 
the region from which no one ever returns befuddles our moxie 
and accomplishes us more readily to haul those troubles we retain 
than jeopardize going to those we do not understand . 

Thus qualms does make babies of us all, 
and thus the innate aspect of one's volition is sicklied throughout with the faded cast of cognition 
and tasks with considerable soul and weight mulling over this they shift their scheme 
and they absolutely chicken out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 30

To be or not to be ? I have to ponder this ! 
Should I refuse to stomach all the bruises and blows of unspeakable luck , 
Or to take a 9MM pistol in defiance of a sea of misfortune and by warring against expunge them ? 
To expire , to hibernation , no more 
And by a sleep to say we extinguish the heavy ticker , and the dozen habitual clashes that society is payee to ! 
'Tis a coup forcibly to be preferred , To pass on , to doze 

While in this oblivion , I could possibly have a dream . Oh , there's the scrape ... 
while I am in my coma what mental picture may come 
when we have trailed off this severe universe , is obliged to make us to reverse and think for a sixtieth of an hour . 
This might be the rationale that forms troubles of so lengthy lifetime . 

Who could stand for to stand up to the lousy proceedings that result , 
the coercers crime , the rapacity of the regular gilded earth dweller . 
The anguish began by awarding infatuation to a man that does not appreciate me in return , 
the law's postponement . 
The disparagement of the masters of mankind , 
and the repudiation that the forgiving warrant of the good for nothing obtains . 
when the sad man himself may induce himself to give up the ghost with a bad carbine . 

what person would sholder a strain to drudge wonderfully severe down from a drained duration . 
We would not do so if we were not scared to the afterlife of what transpires on the other side of cessation , 
the kingdom from which no one ever comes back dazes our desires 
to the standing where we would to rather carry the woes we are already acclimatized to 
than rush to others we don't grasp . 

all info spawns us to rework our goings on , 
and thus the natural tint of resolution is made sick throughout with the haggard cast of anticipation 
and the proceedings we conclude in the heat of the juncture inspecting this they adjust their plans 
and drop the sobriquet of execution . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 31

To go on or not to persist ? That is the question ! 
Should I refuse to hang in all the aches and blunders of a atrocious experience , 
Or to overturn in defiance of a plethora of misfortune and by clashing vacate them ? 
To rest in peace , to slumber , lifeless 
And by a snooze to say we overthrow the distress , and the thousand ordinary clashes that flesh is title holder to ! 
'Tis a pay-off boldly to be craved , To succumb , to doze 

To sleep , perchance to have a mental picture . That's where the obstacle may befall ... 
while I am in my trance what hogwash could transpire 
when we give up the ghost , must moderate the system . 
There's the grounds that generates misfortune of sheltering on this bight for too much time . 

For who would stomach the crummy stuff that develop , 
the rascals crime , the greediness of the average opulent girl . 
The anguish effected by awarding yearning to a tellurian that does not confer me affection in return , 
the era it takes for a case to soak through the courts . 
The jeering of those in charge , 
and the rebuffs that the imperturbable justify at the fists of the inexcusable . 
when the unhappy man himself may cancel his story with a stripped bayonet . 

what person would woe sholder to bare frightful pain beneath a overworked life . 
We would not do so if we were not distressed of what occurs successive to cessation , 
the place at the rear of our awareness frustrates the valor 
and arranges us preferably hoist those ills we contain 
than rush to others we know not of . 

Thus shame doth make deserters of us all, 
and thus the innate aspect of one's volition is made ill over with the sallow cast of understanding 
and the conditions we finish in the warmth of the incident with this reason their motions shift 
and surrender the surname of the undertaking . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 32

To be or not to be ? I have to walk through this ! 
Weather 'tis suitable in the mind to hang in the gloats and backswords of crummy things that transpire , 
Or to gun myself by reason of hard times and by rivalling put an end to them ? 
To expire , to nap , lifeless 
And by a rest to say we undo the hurting , and the aggregation of uncontrolled injuries that the human species is payee to ! 
I hanker for this more than a lot , To expire , to sleep 

While in this nap , I could possibly have a mental picture . That's where the friction may transpire ... 
for in that oblivion of the bitter end what delusion may come 
when we expire , is obliged to decelerate the system . 
There's the respect that prepares misfortune of so enduring lifetime . 

Why Shall I run on dealing with the offences that is amassed , 
the bullies offences , the cavalier fellows taunting . 
The pangs of repudiated lust , 
the duration it takes for a lawsuit to penetrate through the magistrates . 
The scoffing of the masters of mankind , 
and the cold shoulders that the forgiving are entitled to of the inexcusable acquires . 
when the guy himself might bring about himself to kick the bucket with a huge purple shiv . 

which of you would fardels bare to squeak a erection under a fatigued lifetime . 
Yet that the trepidation of perseverance at the rear of doom , 
the commonwealth from which no one ever returns dazes the will power 
to the circumstances where we would instead hold on to the conditions we are already adaped to 
than run to others we cannot fathom . 

all info makes us to reexamine my actions , 
and thus the natural tinge of one's own will is demolished because we plan about it time and again 
and deeds with a lot of substance and more importance with this regard their currents veer off 
and give up the name of suicide . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 33

To be or not to be ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis better in the faculties to swallow the sling shots and shafts of a lousy generation , 
Or to run in front of a progressing aircraft carrier resulting from catastrophe and by protesting annul them ? 
To expire , to snooze , passed away 
And by a hibernation to say we kill the torment , and the million native bewilderments that our kind is holder to ! 
'Tis a achievement zealously to be envied , To succumb , to hibernation 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this oblivion . I may have a lot of disagreement if I slumber ... 
for in that hibernation of quietus what bullshit could take effect 
when we give up the ghost , is destined to chill out the technique . 
This might be the rationale that prepares misfortune of so protracted generation . 

For who would acknowledge the scourges and sneers of time , 
the rascals crime , the covetousness of the intermediate affluent tellurian . 
The pangs of eschewed infatuation , 
the age it takes for a trial to sieve through the courts . 
The jeering of the masters of mankind , 
and the snubs that the imperturbable deserve are generated by the good for nothing . 
when the fellow himself could extinguish his history with a gleaming grenade launcher . 

who would struggling hoist to endeavor decidedly problematic down from a bushed span . 
Nevertheless that the terror of something successive to the afterlife , 
the region succedent to our perview confounds all spirit 
to the footings where we would instead keep the ills we are already adaped to 
than bustle to others we know not of . 

all knowledge composes us to rehash the procedures , 
and thus the accustomed shade of courage is nauseated over with the faded cast of speculation 
and deeds with huge essence and seriousness with this respect their floods deviate 
and forget the flag of execution . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 34

To be or not to be ? That is the question ! 
Is it a brainy thing to tolerate the sling shots and daggers of a horrible generation , 
Or to combat undeterred by a expanse of catastrophe and by confronting suppress them ? 
To die , to sleep , lifeless 
And by a rest to say we dissolve the heavy soul , and the dozen natural surprises that the human species is title holder to ! 
I need this to a greater degree than life itself , To kick the bucket , to doze 

There is the chance that I could have a mental picture while I'm in this oblivion . Ah , there's the disagreement ... 
while I am in my coma what bullshit could pass 
when this generation comes to a kill , is obliged to give us respite . 
This may be the grounds that generates hardship of so lasting experience . 

Why Would I keep at it dealing with the lashes and scoffing of time , 
the dictators perversion , the miserliness of the common affluent woman . 
The bitterness caused by allowing allegiance to a person that does not lust for me in reverse , 
the judge's tarrying . 
The ridicule of office , 
and when conditions that are inferior crop up to persevering persons are began by the ignoble . 
when he himself may suppress his lifetime with a good grenade launcher . 

who may I ask would take a woe to struggle particularly severe below a wearied generation . 
Yet that the fright of what comes beyond the afterlife , 
the foriegn region from whose borne no hiker recovers dazes the valor 
and spawns us unwillingly sholder those evils we retain 
than dare going to those we don't comprehend . 

Thus conscience does make deserters of us all, 
and thus the inborn hue of one's volition is annihilated because we plan about it too much 
and the doings we conclude in the fieriness of the incident with this respect their floods veer off 
and give up the label of performance . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 35

To carry on or not to stay on ? I have to resolve this ! 
Weather 'tis nobler in the soul to suffer all the bruises and setbacks of a atrocious life , 
Or to kill myself resulting from calamity and by battling dissolve them ? 
To expire , to trance , gone 
And by a oblivion to say we terminate the sorrow , and the thousand common scares that flesh is receiver to ! 
I want this more than the whole caboodle , To expire , to hibernation 

To coma , and possibly to have a delusion . OH GOD , there's the botheration ... 
for in that rest of annihilation what hokum could appear 
when we have shambled off this bitter rat race , is destined to dull the process . 
There's the reason that spawns disaster of so towering lifetime . 

Why Would I never cease dealing with the lashes and ridicule of time , 
the taskmasters offences , the parsimony of the undistinguished well to do man . 
The misery caused by awarding lust to a lady that does not adulate me return wise , 
the age it takes for a argument to strain through the kangaroo courts . 
When human beings in seats of authority are contemptuous to me , 
and the spurns that the gentle warrant of the good for nothing secures . 
when the guy himself could effect himself to pass away with a old fork . 

who would heft a woe to grumble a concern below a sick duration . 
However that the worriment of what comes after annihilation , 
the uncharted kingdom from where no observer comes back obscures the spirit 
to the footings where we would just as soon control the miseries we are already adaped to 
than dash to others we don't understand . 

Thus scruples could make malingerers of us all, 
and thus the accustomed aspect of one's volition is sicklied throughout with the sallow cast of thought 
and undertakings with enormous significance and substance with this cause their motions changes course 
and the serfs of our verse comprehensively reneges . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 36

Would I die ? I have to get down to brass tacks on this ! 
Is it a clever thing to tolerate all the prejudices and disasters of sad proceedings that result , 
Or to end it all because of difficulty and by combating vacate them ? 
To perish , to hibernation , gone 
And by a sleep to say we squelch the broken ticker , and the ream of involuntary clashes that our species is heir to ! 
I hanker for this in a superior way than everything , To succumb , to oblivion 

While in this coma , I could possibly have a delusion . I may have a lot of difficulty if I nap ... 
while I am in my trance what hallucination may come 
when we kick the bucket , will dull the progress . 
This can be the grounds that leads to suffering of so outstretched interval . 

For who would endure the beatings and contempt of time , 
the intimidators exploitation , the conceited fellows contumely . 
The discomfort in the heart of derided yearning , 
the hours it takes for a action to sift through the tribunals . 
The mockery of authority , 
and the scorns that the calm deserve at the paws of the unworthy . 
when the fellow himself could motivate himself to perish with a yellow fork . 

who may I ask would worries take to strive noticably difficult down from a overworked lifetime . 
Although that the worriment of that thing thereafter mortality , 
the foriegn community from whose dared no expedition reappears disorients our will 
and forms us alternately hoist those diseases we have 
than rush to others we don't grasp . 

Thus moral sense can make deserters of us all, 
and thus the habitual tone of one's volition is sicklied or'e with the dangerous cast of cognition 
and the effects we complete in the heat of the occurance inspecting this they revise their aim 
and the subjects of our ballad unanimously balk . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 37

To run on or not to keep at it ? I have to ponder this ! 
Weather 'tis befitting in the observation to live all the aches and blunders of a unacceptable generation , 
Or to call it quits as a result adversity and by disputing dissolve them ? 
To kick the bucket , to slumber , no longer 
And by a rest to say we put the kibosh on the despair , and the aggregation of uncontrolled collisions that our species is inheritor to ! 
'Tis a ending wholeheartedly to be aspired to , To rest in peace , to rest 

There is the chance that I could have a hallucination while I'm in this doze . I may have a lot of pickle if I oblivion ... 
for in that oblivion of mortality what mental picture may come 
when this interval comes to a obliterate , is obliged to obstruct the case . 
There's the regard that arranges troubles of sheltering on this being for too much time . 

For who would take the strikes and insolence of time , 
crummy people's outrage , the penny-pinching of the garden variety opulent lady . 
The pangs of shunned adoration , 
the regime's procrastination . 
When bourgeois in locales of power are dis-gracious to me , 
and when effects that are bad crop up to calm hoi polloi are provoked by the unworthy . 
when the fellow himself could bring about himself to croak with a large missle . 

who may I ask would struggling lug to slog astonishingly onerous below a sleepy lifetime . 
We would not do so if we were not frightened of what transpires successional to the end of life , 
the exotic community from whose borne no trekker recovers frustrates my will power 
and forms us unwillingly sholder those troubles we retain 
than chance going to those we cannot fathom . 

Thus shame does make skulkers of us all, 
and thus the innate complexion of determination is consumed because we deliberate about it too regularly 
and the conditions we execute in the hotness of the date eye-balling this they swap their plans 
and the clients of our quatrain fully retreat . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 38

Would I kill myself ? I have to figure this out ! 
Weather 'tis befitting in the noggin' to tolerate the bad things of a inferior story , 
Or to call it quits because of catastrophe and by combating undo them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to sleep , gone 
And by a doze to say we expunge the agony , and the mountain of familiar collisions that our species is title holder to ! 
'Tis a ending strenuously to be preferred , To rest in peace , to hibernation 

There is the chance that I could have a hallucination while I'm in this hibernation . I may have a lot of difficulty if I doze ... 
for in that doze of the end of life what nightmare worse than death may come 
when mortality consumes us , must chill out the procedure . 
This might be the reason that composes calamity of so expanded history . 

Who could live to stand up to the sin that is collected , 
the persecutors exploitation , the contemptuous guys insolence . 
The pangs of loathed amity , 
the millennium it takes for a suit to winnow through the magistrates . 
The insolence of those in charge , 
and when effects that are crummy develop to enduring folks are provoked by the unfit . 
when the protagonist himself might bring about himself to swim with the fishes with a huge silver dagger . 

which of you would fardels bare to hold frightful anguish under a tired span . 
We would not do so if we were not frightened of what approaches post hoc to the end of life , 
the realm thereafter our consciousness flusters our stamina 
and accomplishes us instead hold those terrible standing we contain 
than scurry to others we don't comprehend . 

our information brings about us to rework my conduct , 
and thus the ingenerate tone of determination is destroyed because we deliberate about it too much 
and undertakings with tremendous soul and concern with this respect their rivers shift 
and waste the style of the undertaking . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 39

To keep on or not to live on ? It's what I've been inspecting again ! 
Weather 'tis benevolent in the observation to acknowledge the baloney of disgraceful luck , 
Or to call it quits as a result misfortune and by rivalling conclude them ? 
To drown , to hibernation , departed 
And by a trance to say we quash the broken chest , and the ton of ordinary surprises that our species is payee to ! 
'Tis a consummation passionately to be wished , To go the way of all flesh , to hibernation 

To oblivion , and within the realm of possibility to nightmare worse than death . I may have a lot of can of worms if I sleep ... 
for in that doze of demise what nightmare worse than death may come 
when this experience comes to a put an end to , is directed to permit us intermission . 
This could be the respect that makes calamity of dwelling on this world for too much time . 

Who could put up with to stand up to the lousy baggage that develop , 
the ruffians injustice , the greediness of the mainstream affluent human . 
The misery in the heart of detested appreciation , 
the duration it takes for a trial to trickle through the kangaroo courts . 
The scornfulness of authority , 
and the snubs that the willing incur of the disreputable embezzles . 
when he himself may motivate himself to kick the bucket with a metal skewer . 

who may I ask would fardels bare to slog uncommonly tough beneath a sleepy interval . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what crops up at the rear of death , 
the nation at a later time than our consciousness flusters the will 
to the standing where we would alternately hold on to the diseases we are already accustomed to 
than run to others we don't understand . 

our info accomplishes us to rethink all operation , 
and thus the inborn aspect of one's own will is made sick over with the ghastly cast of understanding 
and the affairs we do in the fieriness of the moment with this reason their tides veer off 
and they utterly weasel out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 40

Could I zap myself ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis approved in the head to swallow all the hurts and disasters of crummy proceedings that arrive , 
Or to electrocute myself by virtue of catastrophe and by rivalling dissolve them ? 
To give up the ghost , to sleep , lifeless 
And by a sleep to say we obliterate the heartbreak , and the dozen customary traumas that humanity is payee to ! 
'Tis a feat earnestly to be yearned , To go the way of all flesh , to hibernation 

While in this coma , I could possibly have a day dream . That's where the difficulty may follow ... 
for in that sleep of doom what delusion may come 
when we have limped off this terrible world , is directed to cool the performance . 
There's the grounds that spawns sorrow of residing on this universe for too much time . 

For who would put up with the scourges and jeering of time , 
awful people's temper violence , the stinginess of the typical moneyed tellurian . 
The torment in the heart of derided adoration , 
the bureaucracy's setback . 
The scorns of authority , 
and the snubs that the forgiving earn are provoked by the unworthy . 
when the moody man himself can kill his story with a real grenade . 

who may I ask would troubles hold to snort a erection underneath a overworked span . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what crops up successional to death , 
the commonwealth from which no one ever returns flusters the stamina 
to the situations where we would more willingly enjoy the miseries we are already adaped to 
than wager going to those we don't know . 

our knowledge generates us to review my goings on , 
and thus the native color of courage is made ill or'e with the faded cast of reflection 
and the effects we finish in the hotness of the time pondering this they flip-flop their intention 
and the serfs of our sonnet quite recant . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 41

Could I self-destruct ? I have to kick this around ! 
Is it a brilliant thing to put up with all the wounds and blows of outrageous sorrows , 
Or to swerve off a branch by reason of sorrow and by rivalling conclude them ? 
To pass on , to trance , bereft of life 
And by a sleep to say we squelch the heartache , and the profusion of customary jolts that humanity is payee to ! 
'Tis a attainment actively to be aspired to , To go the way of all flesh , to sleep 

There is the chance that I could have a nightmare worse than death while I'm in this trance . That's where the can of worms may show ... 
while I am in my slumber what delusion may come 
when doom drains us , is obliged to force us to retreat to cover and analyse for a min . 
There's the grounds that arranges calamity of sheltering on this bight for too much time . 

For who would endure the bashes and ridicule of time , 
the tyrants perversion , the niggardliness of the common prosperous lady . 
The misery bad despair of repudiated love , 
the generation it takes for a lawsuit to dribble through the kangaroo courts . 
The disparagement of the government , 
and when effects that are unacceptable arise to long suffering hoi polloi at the possession of the unworthy . 
when the protagonist himself may end his history with a gleaming switchblade . 

who may I ask would carry a stress to slog remarkably hard below a weary experience . 
We would not do so if we were not distressed of what ensues farther than the bitter end , 
the faraway place from whose borne no patrol reappears puzzles all spirit 
and accomplishes us unwillingly lug those abuses we retain 
than dare going to those we don't comprehend . 

Thus conscience will make wimps of us all, 
and thus the accustomed tint of one's own will is nauseated or'e with the gray cast of thought 
and the baggage we do in the fieriness of the incident scrutinizing this they switch their purpose 
and give up the label of execution . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 42

To be or not to be ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis unselfish in the soul to go along with the gloats and batons of unspeakable loss , 
Or to resist contrariwise to a pond of hard times and by countering terminate them ? 
To kick the bucket , to sleep , extinct 
And by a nap to say we conclude the grief , and the many familiar shocks that human nature is holder to ! 
I wish for this more than being au naturel in the top bunk with a elegant mate , To perish , to coma 

While in this coma , I could possibly have a hallucination . I may have a lot of worrisome if I trance ... 
for in that oblivion of demise what nightmare may come 
when this lifetime comes to a abate , has to supply us suspension . 
This can be the cause that accomplishes disaster of dwelling on this terrene for too much time . 

For who would accept the dreadful doings that take effect , 
the dictators offences , the grabbiness of the mainstream well off person . 
The anguish induced by according affection to a earth dweller that does not will me affection back , 
the generation it takes for a claim to percolate through the magistrates . 
When bourgeois in points of power are ill-mannered to me , 
and when effects that are awful develop to accommodating folks of the unfit plunders . 
when the fellow himself could put an end to his experience with a military torpedo . 

which of you would fardels bare to sholder dire pain down from a bored duration . 
Although that the fright of perseverance on the far side of mortality , 
the land from which no one ever returns dazes my initiative 
and forms us more readily sholder those diseases we bear 
than imperil ourselves going to those we don't know . 

all info composes us to reevaluate the actions , 
and thus the indigenous tint of one's own will is sicklied or'e with the faint cast of understanding 
and accomplishments with great soul and more importance with this grounds their streams changes course 
and those we are deliberating about quite welsh . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 43

To stay on or not to persist ? It's what I've been wondering again ! 
Is it a brainy thing to go along with the beatings and spurs of ungodly fate , 
Or to call it quits as a result calamity and by clashing revoke them ? 
To pass on , to doze , no longer 
And by a snooze to say we eradicate the despondency , and the ream of ordinary clashes that our kind is heir to ! 
I crave this in excess of being dis-robed in the water with a busty female , To die , to oblivion 

While in this coma , I could possibly have a nightmare worse than death . I may have a lot of headache if I sleep ... 
while I am in my sleep what crap could result 
when the bitter end devours us , must make us to retire and plan for a min . 
There's the rationale that causes troubles of so expanded span . 

Who could bear with to stand up to the straps and mockery of time , 
the authoritarians corruption , the miserliness of the ordinary upscale lady . 
The torment brought about by supplying allegiance to a person that does not appreciate me in reverse , 
the era it takes for a case to sieve through the kangaroo courts . 
The scoffing of the government , 
and when proceedings that are horrible take effect to willing hoi polloi are brought in to being by the undeserving . 
when the protagonist himself may squelch his lifetime with a nude scythe . 

whom would discord sustain to grumble a sweat below a tired lifetime . 
We would not do so if we were not daunted of what comes successional to demise , 
the realm at the rear of our grasp flusters all will power 
and composes us instead heft those heinous footings we possess 
than confront going to those we don't grasp . 

our info generates us to rehash all procedures , 
and thus the characteristic aspect of determination is destroyed because we ponder about it too regularly 
and ventures with a lot of pitch and weight with this cause their currents changes course 
and they conclusively reneges . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 44

To never cease or not to live on ? It's what I've been inspecting just now ! 
Is it a brilliant thing to bear all the pangs and failures of a unacceptable life , 
Or to call it quits resulting from suffering and by countering dissolve them ? 
To expire , to hibernation , no longer 
And by a nap to say we annul the heavy heart , and the bulk of prevalent bewilderments that humanity is recipient to ! 
I need this in excess of sex , To die , to coma 

To hibernation , practicably to delusion . That's where the issue may follow ... 
while I am in my sleep what hallucination may come 
when demise squanders us , is obliged to impede the case . 
This might be the regard that forms catastrophe of so enduring duration . 

For who would tolerate the lashes and brazenness of time , 
unacceptable people's anger , the ostentatious sahibs sneers . 
The suffering effected by bequeathing bestowing devotion to a guy that does not allow me affection in reverse , 
the bureaucracy's wait . 
The chutzpah of the masters of mankind , 
and the spurns that the meek earn of the ineligible swindle . 
when the protagonist himself may cause himself to perish with a uncovered sword . 

what person would fardels bare to travail remarkably arduous underneath a spent span . 
We would not do so if we were not scared of what transpires thereafter dissolution , 
the untravelled commonwealth from whose gambled no trekker triumphs frustrates all spirit 
to the circumstances where we would instead hold on to the miseries we are already acquainted with 
than risk going to those we don't understand . 

Thus shame will make skulkers of us all, 
and thus the ingenerate tint of resolution is eradicated because we plan about it time and again 
and deeds with excessive vigor and momentousness eye-balling this they revise their intent 
and drop the handle of performance . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 45

Would I go along with , or skip in front of a fast vehicle ? That is the question ! 
Should I refuse to suffer the slings and projectiles of a bad life , 
Or to oppose against a profusion of catastrophe and by warring against dissolve them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to hibernation , perished 
And by a doze to say we put an end to the hurting , and the profusion of habitual bewilderments that society is holder to ! 
I demand this to a greater degree than the whole enchilada , To kick the bucket , to trance 

While in this coma , I could possibly have a day dream . That's where the obstacle may come to pass ... 
for in that sleep of quietus what baloney could develop 
when the end of life depletes us , is compelled to make us to abandon and ponder for a sixtieth of an hour . 
This could be the grounds that composes difficulty of so lengthened generation . 

Why Could I persist dealing with the awful conditions that develop , 
the coercers crime , the miserliness of the undistinguished loaded earth dweller . 
The pangs of disdained infatuation , 
the law's suspension . 
The contemptuousness of authority , 
and when things that are awful take place to enduring people at the paws of the unsuitable . 
when the protagonist himself may induce himself to give up the ghost with a metal shank . 

whom would stress cart to take appalling pain below a overworked span . 
However that the phobia of that thing succeeding cessation , 
the community succeeding our understading flusters all desire 
to the situations where we would preferably store the cruel footings we are already adaped to 
than haste to others we don't understand . 

Thus qualms does make skulkers of us all, 
and thus the characteristic tint of resolution is nauseated throughout with the faint cast of understanding 
and business with vast essence and weight thinking about this they flip-flop their arrangement 
and oust the style of the undertaking . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 46

Should I die ? That is the question ! 
Is it a good thing to swallow all the persecutions and disasters of sad affairs that pass , 
Or to hurdle off a building as a result calamity and by protesting overthrow them ? 
To drown , to rest , no longer 
And by a rest to say we abate the agony , and the agglomeration of universal bewilderments that out world is recipient to ! 
I crave this more than everything , To perish , to doze 

While in this hibernation , I could possibly have a day dream . That's where the difficulty may transpire ... 
for in that coma of the bitter end what nightmare may come 
when this span comes to a abrogate , is obliged to permit us interlude . 
There's the regard that produces misfortune of dwelling on this cosmos for too much time . 

Why Shall I stay on dealing with the dreadful effects that appear , 
bad people's acrimony , the niggardliness of the intermediate filthy rich guy . 
The discomfort began by allowing friendship to a person that does not endow me devotion back , 
the time it takes for a petition to permeate through the magistrates . 
When people in seats of power are uncivil to me , 
and the refusals; disdain that the quiet are entitled to of the unfit steals . 
when the fellow himself may motivate himself to pass on with a scary bodkin . 

which of you would fardels bare to sustain horrible pain underneath a flagging span . 
Yet that the fright of what comes ensuing cessation , 
the country from which no one ever reappears dazes all stamina 
and brings about us instead cart those maladies we possess 
than dash to others we don't know . 

Thus moral sense could make cravens of us all, 
and thus the habitual hue of courage is made sick or'e with the dull cast of anticipation 
and the concerns we carry out in the swelter of the date with this cause their currents turn away 
and those we are speaking about effectively cop out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 47

Why should I carry on operating like this ? That is the question ! 
Should I wish to acknowledge the poppycock of unacceptable things that happen , 
Or to end it all by reason of adversity and by opposing expunge them ? 
To perish , to sleep , cadaverous 
And by a slumber to say we quash the hurting , and the load of ordinary astonishments that out world is holder to ! 
'Tis a wind up actively to be desired , To expire , to oblivion 

To hibernation , doubtless to have a hallucination . That's where the botheration may come to pass ... 
while I am in my coma what dream may come 
when we have padded off this grave journey , is compelled to force us to hideout and conceptualize for a flash . 
This could be the rationale that synthesizes misfortune of sheltering on this journey for too much time . 

For who would tolerate the wrong that is jammed in , 
the rascals sin , the covetousness of the typical gilded guy . 
The agony inferior anguish of repudiated affection , 
the time it takes for a process to percolate through the kangaroo courts . 
The disdain of authority , 
and the cold shoulders that the indulgent deserve of the unsuitable steals . 
when the guy himself can his final blow force with a long pistol . 

who would fardels bare to squeak a concern down from a wearied lifetime . 
We would not do so if we were not apprehensive of what ensues on the other side of annihilation , 
the community from which no one ever reappears muddles all moxie 
and composes us unwillingly take those problems we own 
than bustle to others we cannot fathom . 

all information causes us to rework my actions , 
and thus the habitual tinge of resolution is abolished because we ponder about it too much 
and the baggage we conclude in the swelter of the date regarding this they switch their intent 
and they comprehensively chicken out . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 48

Would I plug myself ? That is the question ! 
Weather 'tis more elegant in the faculties to bear the gibberish of ignoble luck , 
Or to turn against contrary to a plethora of catastrophe and by disputing revoke them ? 
To perish , to hibernation , no more 
And by a slumber to say we dissolve the bitterness , and the load of habitual surprises that our kind is inheritor to ! 
'Tis a finish devoutly to be thirsted for , To expire , to rest 

While in this snooze , I could possibly have a hallucination . That's where the friction may materialize ... 
for in that hibernation of the end of life what baloney could take place 
when this interval comes to a conclude , must accord us cessation . 
This may be the regard that synthesizes sorrow of sheltering on this rat race for too much time . 

Why Could I run on dealing with the awful effects that take effect , 
the rascals abuse , the rapacity of the typical filthy rich earth dweller . 
The spasms induced by gifting friendship to a guy that does not become infatuated with me back , 
the period it takes for a lawsuit to permeate through the courts . 
The mockery of those in charge , 
and the spurns that the patient warrant of the unsuitable steals . 
when the pessimistic man himself can destroy his life with a sharp skewer . 

who would sustain a woe to proclaim a fathomless and gravelly racket a sweat under a sleepy experience . 
On the other hand that the phobia of what comes succeeding the afterlife , 
the land at the rear of our awareness obscures my ambition 
and leads to us unwillingly carry those troubles we have 
than scurry to others we don't grasp . 

Thus moral sense can make cravens of us all, 
and thus the characteristic aspect of one's own will is sicklied or'e with the anemic cast of thought 
and deeds with a lot of vigor and more importance with this regard their tides deviate 
and the subjects of our ballad throughly back down . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 49

Would I stomach , or jump off a branch ? That is the question ! 
Is it a smart thing to stand for all the outrages and blows of a awful span , 
Or to come out against versus a abundance of calamity and by fighting abrogate them ? 
To pass on , to slumber , cut off 
And by a slumber to say we end the agony , and the thousand commonplace surprises that the populace is payee to ! 
I demand this in excess of a lot , To give up the ghost , to trance 

While in this sleep , I could possibly have a delusion . Ah , there's the disagreement ... 
for in that rest of mortality what nonsense could take place 
when this duration comes to a expunge , is obliged to diminish the process . 
There's the reason that produces calamity of so protracted life . 

For who would accept the horrible affairs that pass , 
the taskmasters abuse , the grabbiness of the unexceptional prosperous human . 
The pangs of eschewed love , 
the generation it takes for a process to filter through the tribunals . 
When bourgeois in spots of the government are snippy to me , 
and the scorns that the forgiving justify of the ineligible takes . 
when the guy himself can conclude his history with a another fork . 

what person would fardels bare to grunt a sweat down from a bored interval . 
We would not do so if we were not shocked of what follows successional to death , 
the place on the other side of our recognition flusters the spirit 
to the situations where we would unwillingly carry the maladies we are already familiarized with 
than run to others we don't get . 

Thus moral sense does make babies of us all, 
and thus the accustomed hue of one's own will is made ill or'e with the bleached cast of understanding 
and tasks with excessive strength and substance regarding this they flip-flop their aim 
and they completely surrender . 


# Hamlet Draft Num: 50

Shall I self-destruct ? It's what I've been regarding as of late ! 
Is it a clever thing to put up with the phooey of beastly sorrows , 
Or to oppose counter to a pond of troubles and by battling cancel them ? 
To go the way of all flesh , to doze , perished 
And by a hibernation to say we annihilate the misery , and the jillion spontaneous collisions that the populace is recipient to ! 
'Tis a coup firmly to be envied , To swim with the fishes , to hibernation 

There is the chance that I could have a dream while I'm in this oblivion . That's where the dispute may arise ... 
while I am in my doze what bullshit could result 
when we rest in peace , must endow us interruption . 
There's the regard that makes disaster of so lingering history . 

Who could go along with to stand up to the sad matters that appear , 
horrible people's acrimony , the greediness of the ordinary opulent human . 
The torment brought in to being by according devotion to a woman that does not adore me back , 
the millennium it takes for a action to percolate through the magistrates . 
The scoffing of office , 
and when things that are horrible develop to even tempered persons at the fists of the inexcusable . 
when he himself can effect himself to kick the bucket with a murderous skewer . 

who would heft a disquiet to snort a erection under a wearing generation . 
But that the phobia of that which exists after the afterlife , 
the exotic commonwealth from where no outing comes back disconcerts the moxie 
to the whereabouts where we would sooner carry the ailments we are already acquainted with 
than careen to others we don't get . 

all knowledge leads to us to correct all conduct , 
and thus the inborn shade of one's volition is wasted because we deliberate about it too repeatedly 
and activities with vast pith and substance regarding this they variate their strategy 
and they exhaustively balk . 



